feat(test-runner): add --debug CLI flag (#8938)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/test-cli-js.md

- `--browser`: Run test in a specific browser. Available options are  `"chromium"`, `"firefox"`, `"webkit"` or `"all"` to run tests in all three browsers at the same time.

> - `--debug`: Run tests in debug mode. Shortcut for timeout=0, maxFailures=1, PWDEBUG=1, headed=true, workers=1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--debug`: Run tests in debug mode. Shortcut for `PWDEBUG=1 npx playwright test --timeout=0 --maxFailures=1 --headed --workers=1`.
```

Reviewer: Let's also replace "Run in debug mode with Playwright Inspector" snippet at https://playwright.dev/docs/next/intro#command-line and https://playwright.dev/docs/next/test-cli#examples.

We can also add "run with --debug" first bullet here: https://playwright.dev/docs/next/inspector#open-playwright-inspector.
